Temporarily disabling PHP Unit code coverage report workflow (#4527)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gateway-stripe: changelog.txt

*** Changelog ***

= 9.8.0 - xxxx-xx-xx =

> * Dev - Temporarily disabling the PHP Unit tests code coverage report Github Action to reduce noise

Reviewer: Nit: I think this is a moment where "temporarily" is almost certainly going to be inaccurate. 🙃 Given that we don't know when we will re-enable them, it's probably best to be clearer about the action we're taking without committing to re-enable them.
```suggestion
* Dev - Disable the PHP Unit tests code coverage report Github Action to reduce noise
```
